title: Educational resources
keywords: get started, setup, orientation, quickstart, intro, concepts, kubernetes,
  docker desktop
description: Get started resources learning docker




Docker and the broader community of Docker experts have put together many different ways to get further training and hands-on experience with Docker. Expand your understanding of Docker and Kubernetes with these additional free and paid resources.


Docker Training


Expand your knowledge on all things Docker with 
basic to advanced trainings from Docker experts
. 


You can find recorded content at your own convenience, or register for a live session to participate in Q&A.


Hosted labs


These self-paced and hands-on workshops use a free, hosted environment (
Play with Kubernetes
) that doesn't require any installation. Follow along and learn more about Kubernetes.




Kubernetes Workshop




* Labs are free but require registration with a Docker ID.


Self-guided tutorials


Created by experts in the Docker community, these free tutorials provide guided step-by-step workflows for working with the Docker platform.






Integrating Docker with Your IDE




Java Development: Eclipse


Java Development: IntelliJ


Java Development: Netbeans


Live Debugging Node.js with Docker and Visual Studio Code








Windows Containers




Windows Container Setup


Windows Container Basics


Windows Containers Multi-Container Applications








Books


If books are your preferred learning style, check out these written by the 
Docker Captains
. Docker Captain is a distinction that Docker awards to select members of the community that are both experts in their field and are committed to sharing their Docker knowledge with others.




Learn Docker in a Month of Lunches
, Elton Stoneman. Use the code 
stonemanpc
 for a 40% discount.


Docker on Windows: From 101 to Production with Docker on Windows
, Elton Stoneman


Learn Kubernetes in a Month of Lunches
, Elton Stoneman. Use the code 
stonemanpc
 for a 40% discount.


Docker in Action 2nd Edition
 Jeff Nickoloff, Oct 2019


The Kubernetes Book
, Nigel Poulton, Nov 2018


Docker Deep Dive
, Nigel Poulton, 2024 Edition


[Portuguese] 
Docker para desenvolvedores
 (2017) by Rafael Gomes


[Spanish] 
Érase una vez Docker
, Manuel Morejón, March 2023


[Spanish] 
Érase una vez Kubernetes
, Manuel Morejón, Jan 2022




CLI cheat sheet


The 
Docker CLI cheat sheet
 features the common Docker CLI commands for easy reference. It covers working with Images, Containers, Docker Hub, and other general purpose commands.


Self-Paced online learning


A number of Docker Captains have also created video courses on Docker and Kubernetes.




Bret Fisher
: Docker Mastery, Docker Swarm Mastery, Docker Mastery for Node.js Projects


Elton Stoneman
: Docker for .NET Apps - on Linux and Windows. Includes the discount code 
644ABCBC33F474541885
.


Nick Janetakis
 Dive into Docker, Docker for DevOps


Nigel Poulton
: Kubernetes 101, Getting Started with Kubernetes, Docker and Kubernetes: The Big Picture, Kubernetes Deep Dive, Docker Deep Dive


Arun Gupta
: Docker for Java Developers


Ajeet Singh Raina
: Docker and Kubernetes Labs


[French] 
Luc Juggery
: Introduction to Kubernetes, The Docker Platform




* Many of the courses are fee-based


Community-translated docs




[!NOTE]


The following section contains a subset of Docker docs that are translated by community
members. This is not an officially translated version of Docker docs and it may not be up to date.
You must use the community-translated docs at your own discretion.






Subset of Docker docs in Japanese
 translated by Docker Captain 
Masahito Zembutsu
.